You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.
I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.
Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.
This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.	This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.
If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.	If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.
I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.	You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't "standards").
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?	The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.
If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.	You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.
In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.	For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts.
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.	You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.	I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.
Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.	I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.
I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.	I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.	I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.
This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.	I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.
A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.	In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.
As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.	The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.
The short answer is: we are made from the "stuff" contributed by many stars.	It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.
All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.
Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.	I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.
We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".	There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.
Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.	Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?	Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.
As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.
The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.	Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.
Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.
A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses.	I think you mean to ask, "What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?".
Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.	Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.	The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.
It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.
It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.	Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.
I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.	According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.	There are many arguments for why this is not the case.
Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities.	There's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version.
As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.	I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.
Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?	One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.
Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.	This short talk deals with issues of "cheating slightly" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.
When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.
These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.	I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.
Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.	I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.
If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?	Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?
I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.
In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.	I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.	Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.	The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.
I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.	By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a "sheet" grater.
I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.	Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.
Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle.	lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.
I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.
I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.	In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.
The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.	Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.
They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.
Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.	There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.	White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?	I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.
Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.
She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and "have" told you in advance.	The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.
I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.
The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.	"I had mainly been" is fine, in the context you're using it.
I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.	As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.
I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.	There are some cases "status" may be accounted of countable.
If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.
Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash.	Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship.
Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say "named" is preferred within the context of your example.	Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.
In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".	I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.
The "more posh" words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin.	As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language.
I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's.	In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase.
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.	The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.
As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.	"Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.
Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this "singular they" on various "logical" grounds.	Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the "THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)" article.
This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying "you're welcome" is certainly polite and standard.	I'm not sure how "Not at all" sounds in response to "thank you".
Back in the day, "cable" was used to describe communications sent abroad.	The word "cable" has its origins in the days of the telegraph.
Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.	I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.
In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.
Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.
If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.
There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.	There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.
You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.	No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight.
Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.
I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.	Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).	Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.
Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.
If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.	There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.
I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.	A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.	As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.
Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.
First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.
Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.	I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.
I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.	I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related).
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.
Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.	I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.	I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.	I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.
To paraphrase a common saying, "One man's weed is another man's lawn".	First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass.
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.	The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).
So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.
In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.	Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.
I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.	I reccomend "Monkey Grass" because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!
Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting.	It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.
Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.
If you can get over the "ick factor," you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.	The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.
The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.	Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it.
I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.
Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.	I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a "no True Scotsman" bar bet.
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.	Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.
The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.	The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.
While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.
"What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..." @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.	The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.
In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.	This relates to the "discovery" of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans.
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.
These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.	I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.
Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.	There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.
Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.	It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.
By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.	The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.
There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.	As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.
"The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth.	As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.	I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as "HASTHINA".
Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.	A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).
The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra.	I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus.
Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.	Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.
Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.	In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.	Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.
The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.	It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.
In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.
A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.	I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.	Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.
Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.
Newspeak, a "deliberately impoverished" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.	Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.
In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.
As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many.	This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.
Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.
If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.	This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.
From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.	According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.
A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much.	No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside.
A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.	In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.
Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.	Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.
GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.	GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.
So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.
In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.	Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.
I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.	Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat.
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).	If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.
An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.
As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.	Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.
Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.
Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.
You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.	I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.	Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?
Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.
Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.	We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.
A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".	Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.	Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.	It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.	The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.
Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.	As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.
Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.	Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.
I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.	An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.
My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.	Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.
Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.
Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.	My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.
Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.	I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.
Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.	Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.
Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.	In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.	I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.
It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.
Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.	First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.
Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.
My experience with Danios has that they always have been "bossy" fish.	Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.
Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.	They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.
It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you.	Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.
I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.	Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.
First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.	First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.
The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.	The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.	Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.	As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.
You should take this animal to a vet right away.	As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.	Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.
The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.	A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.
I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.	Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.	We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.
The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).	Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.
Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?
I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.	I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.
People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.	My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.
The difference between "necessary" and "sufficient" is the direction of the logical arrow.	sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.
I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.	It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.
It's true that, under one understanding of "accessibility" and "determining", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.	Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.	Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.	Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's "solution", you must take in account the original (historical) context.	Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.
Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called "complex" or "imaginary" numbers.	As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions.
The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.
As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real.	Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.	It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.
When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.	An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.	Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.	There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.
Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.	The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.	It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).
You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.	In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.
I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.	If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.
I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.
I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.	In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.
Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.	It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.
Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography.	I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D.
I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.	Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.
The short answer is that yes, you can do this.	Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.
The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.	Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.
For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.
Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.
Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.	If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.
Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.	In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.
Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.	Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.
The president is not really all that important for German people.	The function of the german president is almost just representative.
In a "first-past-the-post" system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties.	While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties.
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.	Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.
Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.	I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.	To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.
No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.	There is always "transitional authority" by virtue of the writing of regulations.
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.	The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.	They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.
Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.	In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.
Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.
Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve.	As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve.
Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.	To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days.
As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.	I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.	I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.	One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.
A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.	The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.
Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.	I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.
I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.	There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.	Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.
The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an "obvious" efficiency tool, such as macros.	Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.
I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.	I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.	What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.	Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.
Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.
Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.
I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.	http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.
Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise.	There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.
Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.	I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.
I disagree that the moniker “most extensive” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt’s language.	The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt.
I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.	It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.
On the one hand, there’s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time.	Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.
First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!	Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.	The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.
We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.	Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.
Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.	Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.
First, we must consider that "Sphere" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.	"Fins" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.
According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.
I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.	The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.
Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.
Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.
Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.	The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.
It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.	Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.
Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.	Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.
We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun.	Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...
Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.	In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.
It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.	Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.
To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.
Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.	Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.
Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.	There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.
Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.	It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.
At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly.	From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.	Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.
Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.	That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.	I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.
No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.	As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.
I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.	The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.
As per FIFA's "Equipment Regulations", Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap.	Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper.
Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!	A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.	I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.
There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.
I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.	I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.
As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.	When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.
I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.	I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.
A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.	Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane.
Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.	Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.
There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.
I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.	Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.
Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.	There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.
The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.	As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.
There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).	As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.	I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.	I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.
There is nothing wrong with the phrase "simple sample service".	The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a "simple example service".
I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.	I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.
Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.
For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.	To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.
David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.	Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.
Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.	I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?
We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.
The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards.	A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others.
You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.	Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.
Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).	I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.
The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.	At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.
Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.
In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation.	I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking.
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?
"The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery""s electrical state"	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the closed path is connected to the light bulb	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is a damaged bulb	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.	A, B and C are in different paths
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
had a closed path to the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Not contained in a closed path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
The battery terminals have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
an open switch causes a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.	A and C are in the same closed path
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.	the battery is in an open path
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery	the battery is in an open path
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
It cuts the current from the battery	the path is not closed
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the are on the same wire	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs	there is an incomplete circuit
there is a closed path	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because A and C still have a connection to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery is on a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
If it is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
becaquse there was a gap in the connection	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there was a negavtive gap	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
"because switch z is in bulb c""s closed path"	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
There is no difference in electrical states.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
The terminals are not connected	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
It is not in the same path as bulb A.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path	the battery is in an open path
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
That there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb A and B are within the same path	each bulb is in its own path
Because it was in the same circuit	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.	A and C are in different paths
There was a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
It creates a gap, so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs.	there is an open path
Because there is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in the circuit
it was not a closed path	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
the battery alone is in a closed path	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
there was closed paths between the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Terminal has the same electrical state	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
bulb a was on a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the attery is not in a closed path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path	the open switch creates a gap
when it disrupts a complete path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
There is no gap in the circuit.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because it still caught the current from both terminals	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
The current has shorted out the battery.	there is a short circuit
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage	there is no gap between the terminals
the voltage stays the same within the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.	there is no closed path containing the battery
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is a gap in the circut.	there is a gap in the circuit
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs	A and B have their own path
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The voltage does not change.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The bulb does not effect the others	there is an incomplete circuit
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH	A and C are in the same path
switch z is contained in a closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If one bulb is removed, the others stop working	A and C are in the same closed path
Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there was two negative connections	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS	A and C are in different paths
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Both components need to be in closed paths.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The battery is in an open path to the bulb.	the battery is in an open path
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be	there is a gap in a circuit
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulb A is connected to switch Z	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb had a short circuit	there is a complete circuit
Battery will always have voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It turns off all the bulbs.	the open switch creates a gap
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because a and c are still in a closed circuit	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A was still in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
there is a gap in the connection.	there is no gap between the terminals
there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed	the path is not closed
That the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
the batteries terminals are not connected	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the path was closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because the path is short	the path is not closed
The path it was on	there is a path containing both Z and C
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because there is no closed path to the battery	the path is not closed
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
removing one bulb shuts off the other.	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb will not light	there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.	there is no closed path
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
A switch creates a break in the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
terminal is connected to the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.	there is a short circuit
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
terminal one is not connected to terminal six	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
"if the switch is included in the bulb""s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb"	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The circuit is not closed around the battery.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because it can go through switch Z	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
because bulb c is not included in the closed path	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the gap in terminal 2 is postive	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
bulb a creates a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
it creates a gap in the current.	the open switch creates a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals	there is no closed path containing the battery
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
the two terminals are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it has another closed path it can use	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
It receives current from switche Z.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path	A and C are not in the same path
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
B and C are not in the same circuit as A.	each bulb is in its own path
bulb b created a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path	Bulb B is in a separate path
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Y is not needed for bulb a to light	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"because switch y isn""t included in bulb A""s closed path"	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
When the switch is in the path of the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
can complete the path by having z be closed	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
It creates a gap in the circut.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it runs on a different current	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Because the bulb is connected correctly.	the battery is in an open path
the battery is contained in a closed path	There is still a closed path
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
"bulb A""s path only contained switch Z"	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.	there is an incomplete circuit
Each circuit must have a connection.	there is a complete circuit
terminal connected to positive charge	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it was not contained in the closed path.	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c was not connected to the battery.	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
"Without A, there""s no closed path"	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
because the battery is not in a closed circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
A closed path with a battery and bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A will create a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because it is still connected to a batery	there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb only has one terminal connected	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
There is a difference in electrical states.	the terminals are not connected
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery  is in a closed path with itself.	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there will be a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the battery is containing a negative charge only	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
not connected to positive battery	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because there is a light bulb	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.	the path is not closed
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete	there is an incomplete circuit
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the terminal it is connected to is not working	there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
We switched the terminals around.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb a created a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is not closed in a closed path.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
It is in the same closed path.	there is an open path
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
there is no short circuit to the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
There is a gap in the path.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
both are on same closed paths	B and C are in the same path with the battery
when it creates an open path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
connected to the negative terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
A GAP WIL BE CREATED	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	A and C are in different paths
the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There must be a closed path and a battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
because an open switch creates a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery	A and C are in the same closed path
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	A and C are in different paths
because each bulb has its own pathway	each bulb is in its own path
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
bulb a is in the closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
for the same reason as 3	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.	the terminals are separated by a gap
The light bulb is not in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
it breaks the closed circuit	the open switch creates a gap
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the battery is not in a closed bath alone	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
terminal 1 and 4 connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
a short circuit has occured	there is a short circuit
Tells you that there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
the bulb is not contained in the path	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Switch Y was in a dfferent path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
It was in the same path as switch X.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
if the path is open or closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is  not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a will burn out with bulb C	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because there is a gap.	there is a gap in a circuit
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
It is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals	The terminals are in the same state.
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
because it has a positive terminal	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the two components are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because positive charge is before gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals	the terminals are separated by a gap
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
battery is contained on a closed path	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because it has one regardless of the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap in bulb B	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0	The terminals are in the same state.
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because it would cause a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
closed paths from the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch Y did not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Battery is not contained i a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
switch Y does not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb b and c are in a closed path	B and C are in the same path
battery is contained in bulb	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
because there was a gap in the pathway.	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
"becuase bulb C is on it""s own pathway."	Bulb C is in a separate path
a connection to the battery	there is a complete circuit
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
there is a gap between terminal one and two	There is no gap between them
there is not a gap in the connection	the terminals are not separated by a gap
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the other bulb will not light.	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is not gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because there is a positive and negative connections	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
because it had no gap between the terminals	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the battery is not closed the bulb is.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is a difference in electrical states	the terminals are separated by a gap
because it is still in a closed circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there would be a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to the difference	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
it is not in the same path.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
damaged bulb creates a gap.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
circuit 5 is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
"the battery terminals don""t connect without any devices"	the battery is in an open path
terminal is connected to postive end of battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it opens the circuit, therefore the circuit is not closed	the path is not closed
because the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Because neither components are in closed paths.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C	There is a path with B and C that does not include X
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is no path through bulb b.	there is an incomplete circuit
still have connection to battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
it was a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb c creates a gap	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because there was a gap in the terminals	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
both are on the same side of the circuit	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Because terminal 1 had no gap.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
It stops the flow of electricity.	there is an open path
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
It makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because there is no gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
yes bulb A was on	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
if the path is open the bulb will be off	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It will locate the gap.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
Bulb terminals 3 and 4	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is contain in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
A and B are off	there is an incomplete circuit
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
An open switch stops the energy flow	the path is not closed
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and c affect each other.	A and C are in the same path
there is a closed path to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
it checks the electrical state between two terminals.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because it was connected to the positive side.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Find where there are different electrical states	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there was a closed path not effected by the switch	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
there is a gap in terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
because of the gap in bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because of the gap in bulb b.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.	There is no closed path
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path	B and C are in the same path with the battery
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
The bulb and the battery are connected	the battery is in an open path
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path	A and C are not in the same path
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
for the same reason as 1	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
and the circut is closed	A and C are in the same closed path
if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
all the bulbs are on parralel paths	A and C are in different paths
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
circuit 2 is connected to the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
Seperate paths connected to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The path does not close	the battery is in an open path
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
"because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there""s a difference in electrical states."	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.	Bulb B is in a separate path
the bulb is not contained in a closed path.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When it creates a gap.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
There are other closed path without bulb B	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
because the terminals are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C will create a gap in the path	each bulb is in its own path
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap.
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
the is an open path	the battery is in an open path
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because it creates a gap, so the circuit becomes incomplete	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Bulb B is in a independent path	Bulb B is in a separate path
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
A terminal is connected to a bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
"the electrical state difference between the battery""s two terminals"	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
has to do something with a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because of the chemical in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged	there is a gap in a circuit
again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
complete path including a battery and a bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because it is not on the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there is no gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on	Bulb C was not in a closed path
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut	The terminals are in the same state.
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
There are 2 paths in this diagram	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There has to be a closed circuit battery.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Because the bulb does not have a closed path.	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.	A and C are in the same closed path
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B	A, B and C are in different paths
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb c is in its own pathway	Bulb C is in a separate path
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The positive terminal has 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
you can see where the gap is	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb is in a closed circuit	the battery is in an open path
not seperated by a gap	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.	A and C are in the same path
because voltage measures the difference between two points	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The bulb takes away the path.	there is an open path
Bulb C was in an open path,	Bulb C was not in a closed path
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
There is no difference between the two terminals.	The terminals are in the same state.
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.	there is a short circuit
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b	Bulb B is in a separate path
If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.	each bulb is in its own path
because the terminals are in the same state	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
It is an open path.	there is a short circuit
because the the circuit is complete.	the path is not closed
for the same reason as 3	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the path will have a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Because their is a gap between A and C now.	there is an incomplete circuit
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
the red x means that the circuit is not safe.	there is a short circuit
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
It breaks the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
"Because it didn""t cause a gap."	each bulb is in its own path
the terminal is connected to the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb	A and C are in different paths
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is no closed path	the path is not closed
because it creates a gap in the circuit.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
A is on a cloosed battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.	there is a complete circuit
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.	the path is not closed
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it opens the circuit	there is an open path
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
the path passes the energy through the switch	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The open switch makes the path open	there is an open path
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.	the open switch creates a gap
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.	the terminals are not connected
The battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
There will be a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap at bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Because a closed circuit was formed.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
You can find where there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
it is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
I guess because it is in the center.	Bulb B is in a separate path
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another	the battery is in an open path
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the positive battery terminal is not connected	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is on a closed circut path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
If the bulb is on the same closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
One side is closed the other side is open.	the battery is in an open path
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It is a closed path.	there is no closed path containing the battery
there is a path from bulb to battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
gap between 3 and positive battery	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no closed path in circuit 4.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is a chemical reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
not contained inthe same path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Because the two terminals are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
bulb a creates a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
it was still on a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in a circuit
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
a gap causes a lost connection	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The electrical state is interferred with.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
because bulb c was in an open path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
a terminal is connected to another terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because each bulb has its own complete path	each bulb is in its own path
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel	A and C are in different paths
that the battery connection does not work	there is a short circuit
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
The path must be closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
It has its own path connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path
if it is in the same path as the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
Bulb A has a closed pathway	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it depends on whether its an open or closed path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The are both connected the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
the two terminals will both be 0	The terminals are in the same state.
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the terminals are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because there was a positive and negative connection	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys.	hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters.
so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?
insignificant to you maybe.	insignificant 20 bucks a week isn't?
sorry, agw has been proven.	agw has not been proven.
and this unemployment bill?	about the unemployment bill?
yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org
don't cook for him - he's a grown up.	don't worry about him - he's a grown up.
this "plot" smells a rat.	not srs this "plot" smells a rat.
but what i said to myself was "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"	so ask yourself "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"...i
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others hotwater society trains our soldiers to kill in time of war and yet expects them to respect life in time of peace.	and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others : often, none of that seems to matter once they've been used as means toward achieving an end desired by the machine.
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed" and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam.	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.
do you know who benefits from profits?	do you know who shareholders are?
2) when i said this-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	5) that dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.
that doesn't make any sense.	it just doesn't make sense.
ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 06:06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.
that's why i can no longer support them.	i can no longer support them.
claim: powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons.	claim: powell claimed that "unnamed sources" confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons.
and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.	and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities.
what point are you trying to relay?	what are you trying to say?
2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
ok, thanks for the explanation.	thanks for the heads up.
for your advice guys!!	for your advice guys...my
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.
here's a link to an interview he gave about the spill.	that is what liberty is about, after all.
i just don't get this.	it just doesn't make sense.
"[o]ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya, his view of the brits, for example, very different than the average american," huckabee told host steve malzberg, the washington post reported.	and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits, for example, very different from the average american.
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	[quote=trajan;4550118] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric...and	or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?
that's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore.	that's what laffer was saying and that's what you are choosing to ignore.
the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	mushy has to be the odds on favorite.
you left out oil companies, braniac.	opec aren't oil companies, braniac.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
eventually we'll all be good with "a full time job with the feds."	i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.
the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.
i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus, they're lying.	i know what you're trying to do, but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait.
needs thinking about.	know what im talking about.
presi*dent obama would double it.	president obama would continue that trend.
the gop is fighting for freedom of choice.	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good peach must be busy.	because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good drinking already?
japan surrendered unconditionally.	germany surrendered in april.
"why didn't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration?"	why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?
what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration, or the president himself, and create an entire show about it?	moving on..."what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration,..."
i'm serious about this.	i'm not sure about any of those.
given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.
i'm not talking about this year, maggie.	you're not talking about current events.
well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.	the reality is it is not anyone's focus to actually improve the schools.
mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary, britain's most senior civil servant, to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government.	"i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government."
- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer date says 7/20.	- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post, as it will make you appear less silly.
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.	i have called in sick when i wasn't cat...not
the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned.	the entire caribbean poisoned?
only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated.	the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul.
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo.	doesn't have the vision to "sustain" apollo?
people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	you've worn the finish off your coffee table.
they "have" fox because fox news reports on newsworthy events.	i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite
it's because the right, that party of "morals", don't have "low" standards.	quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.
so you agree that if only 10% of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777?	like i said earlier, if only 10% of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777.
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world.
you will cease playing american football.	further, you will stop playing baseball.
however, i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
thank you for pointing me foster.	thank you for your concern pelastration.
so, he is a 'self made man', if you want to quibble over that, fine.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
i agree with there goes trouble.	i am done with this thread.
recession is when a neighbor loses his job.	depression is when you lose yours.
wtf are you babbling about?	wtf is that all about?
the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.	they are all a bunch of spoiled kids, or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them.
it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon.	being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either, yet, all of you consider yourselves americans.
president obama would continue that trend.	president obama is doing a bang up job.
did i say i excused it?	where did i say it did?
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.
perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory.	perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes.
did anybody else find this disturbing?	does anyone else find that astonishing?
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????
the anti-semites and nazis, we're already familiar with.	the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit, we're already familiar with.
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.	i've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media, not he, was solely to blame.
he now wants to go to court for a contact order.	someone needs to go to jail for that one.
do you even pay attention to current events?	you're not talking about current events.
maybe they don't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings?	maybe they don't like race baiting?
six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners.	add into it the disruption of their financial connections.
rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	vor: you don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.
i mean, being a history student..	being a university student.
like 99.99% of your idiotic questions, it doesn't deserve an answer for its fatally flawed premise.	that was a stupid question and didn't deserve and answer..
what are you trying to say?	wtf are you babbling about?
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.
my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.
the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima.	the problem is us, through and through.
i can't carry on as i am, so i do need to know what his long term intentions are.	i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?
it worked in the snyder case.	that is the entire case.
if your problem is with the banks,then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them.	sue them and try to get some money out of them.
i rang him at 5.30am to see where he was, no reply.	sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok, no reply.
good luck social security has nothing to do with marriage.	actually social security does have something to do with marriage in the way it (ss) is administered.
it's like being against hammers.	he's not ranting against the troops.
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.	the gravy train really is all out of gravy.
and in the end, bush's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending...	point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending.
just can't stop feeling this way.	wish i could stop thinking this way.
interestingly, both sides rejected an offer to order the remaining "sleeping" protesters out of building.	why would walker's cronies reject an offer to order the "sleeping protesters" out of the capitol?
time to get the government out of the bedroom.	sue them and try to get some money out of them.
that’s normally the case.	that is the entire case.
it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
has there even been any criminal investigation?	there's not even an investigation.
'poof' disappears: just because they don't show it to you.	don't want to read and run but i don't know what to say.
does anyone know if this is possible??	how is that possible?
none of it would exist if it wasn't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft.	one would think they would run with the story, but they haven't.
it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup.	i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.
people are just standing in lines waitin' to become teachers.	are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs?
sorry, you just don't.	sorry for your loss, this could be handy.
sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated!	any help would be much appreciated.
ask yourself what you look for in a friend too.	i went out & found new friends.
that is what we're up against and must compete on a global scale.	this is what we all feared was going on anyway.
to them it was good enough.	so that is the end of that.
just another bit of that graph thats false.	other parts of the study's methodology is flawed.
i don't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work.	i don't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.
it's not your fellow citizens' responsibility to do that.	but don't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks.
i wonder how this will pan out.	and he spent his money on things he cared about.
the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow (wed) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage.	also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage.
that's how i would feel supported.	it has now been lifted.
you have made a claim, that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped.	the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history.
it's not because he is stupid, it's because there is so much faith and so little critical thinking in his rantings.	i am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information i don't care about.
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	like the "housing" bubble at the beginning of the bush administration.
they can negotiate their own contract without having to carry the fat, lazy, uneducated, low skilled and dependent union worker.	others have the right to their opinions as always, we don't have to agree, and there's little chance we ever will agree.
the dont identify me as a real preson,..	governments exist for a reason.
debt slavery here's what class warfare looks like!	debt slavery here's a hint.
no need to tell them at all.	no one really wants to talk about anythiing else.
does anyone even take this garbage seriously these days?	does anyone know if this is possible??
just sounds like you're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes.	if we could only learn from our mistakes!
yeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.	a conventional strike on iran is going to raise massive geopolitical consequences too.
and when poor shirley was forced to resign, fox comes out with a report, just tonight, that obama threw an "innocent" woman under the bus.	the usda and the naacp should have verified the story before they jumped the gun and threw ms sherrod under the bus.
but the american police have basically created this whole scenario and lead him into it, feeding him along?	but the nightmare scenario is having him alive and in detention, awaiting trial.
the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times.	she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email.
then i found others that countered what she said.	inherited that when his father died.
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok...	i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.
i agree with you, its a ironic story also.	then you birds got nuttin to worry about..
you can't arrest someone for something they haven't done...	then they are talking money out of something else.
the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month.	but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declared a state of emergency to put down violent protests here by red-shirted opponents, who sought his resignation, the shock waves are still rippling through a polarized, shaken nation.
rslw: no, why would i hate them?	why do you hate america so much?
i called back, and the lady said sorry since you didn't answer we offered the job to the next person on the list who answered the phone, that didn't make any damn sense to me.	i looked him in the eyes and said that these young me did what they had to do, they should have no regrets or feel bad and it should have been done sooner.
and the county where detroit is located also voted for him?	and what do you know, receipts stayed about the same.
we do have a disparity of "justice" in this nation, a severe one.	the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one.
spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville, south carolina.	april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.
i remember when i left school and went to college, all my friends stayed at school sixth form.	this september i left home, and started at university.
obama has allowed the russians not only to catch up military-wise but he is also making us dependent on them to be able to fix our satellites.	do you think the russians can be trusted to let us hitch a ride to the space station or allow us to fix our communications satellites.
are you saying that if a government doesn't break up a monopoly (cable), it is enforcing the monopoly?	anyone thinking our government is not run by money, is a fool.
as unions usually do, they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are, over keeping cops on the job, and the lay offs happened.	unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand.
so was this upholding the law, or just armed robbery?	i can't see his death reducing the scale of the 'war on terror'..
if the government provides health care, whether spelled out in this bill or not, it will ration the care.	and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens, at least for a while.
when it gets over $5 a gallon, i hafta opt out...	they didn't even have a train station...
very humbling indeed - happens to everyone.	laws should be for everyone.
i'm shocked he was even elected...	it worked in the snyder case.
feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality.	so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane?
the low person bit pissed me off, but the prose that followed was so good!	then i found others that countered what she said.
and that doesn’t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama’s economic oppression.	and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession.
all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance.	if i were you, i'd be embarassed to voice your ignorance in public.
i would happily have explained what i was actually saying, but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations.	surely this is entrapment? he didn't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation?
it's not the concept of subsidies per se, but the nature of the subsidies themselves.	i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.
that is not a "substantial drop"!	this is totally unacceptable!
but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again.	if you did, you wouldn't be posting the past yuck of unregulation of mining.
they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis, these tiny school districts make no sense.	he's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a 'workshop' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science.
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.	ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets.
yeh right, they're so on board with that!	you think they're bluffing about that?
not sure what specifically you're asking for, so i'll do a total dump of information.	when i have more time (tomorrow), i will provide the sources for all of this information.
if "crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them", then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people.	i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.
so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs.	based on the historical record, that recovery was imminent, within a couple of months or so.
oh, i bet he can i truly hope not.	i feel you are a good man, i truly like you.
yes, america does not do all that it can to relieve global warming, but then who does?	then, that there was nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gases.
me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere.	after camping and coming home we searched high and low and could not find them.
"smart" anything is a bit of a reach for him.	i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright.
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	i take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story, all the while not knowing what she had to say at the end only six percent of posters will read that entire article.
and they definitely shouldn't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else's contraception & abortions.	and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.
the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
adhere to stereotypes perpetrate a negative/unform view of the lgbt community.	people need to keep campaigning, keep visibilty and portray a positive image of the lgbt community.
the people have a right to know!"	that's not the right way to go.
that is the real purpose behind so-called "free trade."	that's the bread and butter of "entrepreneurialism"!
don't get me wrong i dont give to receive but if this happened the other way round i would be mortified, she was just like aww thanks i must have forgot to put the money in your card, and that was that.	dont get me wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he does do, i certainly do and always make him aware of it but again he never bothers for me just expects it!
and i think most americans are now seeing them that way too.	some politicians are now just preying on human weakness.
and they insisted on "right to work" laws that busted up the unions.	i have my own business but work as all but dried up...to
the distortional inclinations of the next president, george h.w.	his veto pen was the mightiest presidential kung fu in our history.
and stop worrying about it...	i hope it works out in the end...
there has never been a monopoly in this country that wasn't government enforced.	the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly.
i don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how g went.	i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.
as a christian, i pity all these hateful critics and i will pray for them."	the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.
its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets.	their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government.
since there would be no "spouse", employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse.	one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse.
see, it's a tax break to companies and corporations that hire vets.	here it's not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 weeks.
two coalition crew members were injured in that attack.	in south afghanistan, nato said two coalition service member were killed, one on friday and another on saturday.
a false allegation, allie.	makes me feel all festive.
no,the predecent was set when bill clinton pardoned henry cisneros,after he was convicted of lying to the fbi.	iirc, the sign was erected early on, but was removed as being too obvious.
george0b1 nobody on this thread has said a good word about north vietnam.	the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam.
so, it's something else, isn't it?	so, i guess that's it.
republican senator charles percy's secretary took an interest in me.	@dlowan, "for centuries the chinese used an ancient curse: 'may you live in interesting times!'
the conservatives are currently on 37% of the vote, labour on 28% and the lib dems on 23%.	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.
no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated.	how do regulatory agencies become "deregulated?"
they were reserved for adults.	they have been brainwashed by fox and/or rush.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush.
lol youve studied the talking points well grasshopper.	why don't you start thinking beyond the talking points that make you feel good?
they find very few papers (7 in total) predict global cooling.	what surprises is that even in the 1970s, on the back of 3 decades of cooling, more papers (42 in total) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling.
don't hate your fellow americans.	don't be jealous and bitter.
the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget.	(bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried, reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his "stimulus ii" wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now!)
the only problem with trusting the jury on this one is that they were given a question of law to determine.	the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.
ok, that's a good point.	which i think is a good idea.
however despite the layoffs murder and rape are still down 11% in flint.	yeah, for toddlers, since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking.
eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house.	eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with " a friend" am i asking to much to be told he is not coming home?
what happened to personal responsibility and accountability?	it's the individual citizens' responsibility to fund their own behavior.
thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
in the "binary" world of the right wing, it's either all lies or all gospel truth.	this is how the people on the right here treat truth.
but foremost he is not a career politician as his profession is actually an academic one, partly in the us where he also studied.	but no, he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to.
i'm open minded and i just don't take things as personally as others do.	i'm all for campaigning but i think that this was really a step too far.
i've narrowed it down to god, gays and guns.	i didn't want to read and run hun.
they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service...even	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.
otherwise, no other information would be given.	there's kurds in syria, too, i believe.
i don't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is.	i don't need to create problems for myself, with customers feeling they were mislead.
that said, i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws.	time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected, and a vastly different set for the commoners.
that is exactly what happened: no, it isn't, unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality.	but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality.
firstly, there's no need to panic or rush.	christy is a fat sack of shit.
<shrug> what's a person to do?	grrrr what the heck do i do?
george on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences.	we are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences.
are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up?	no one appears to have posted about this yet.
lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry.	ok that explains one more trillion of bush's addition to the national debt.
it's real simple: get the hell out of everybody's bedroom and start worrying about the economy.	i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.
kill off the weak, and shit won't cost so much for the rest of us.	i'm terrified, and dh doesn't talk about it much but he's nervous too.
no "spouse" means no family relationship under social security whereby the surviving spouse can receive benefits at the working spouses rate if higher then their own.	9. no "spouse" means no established a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor their spouse for immigration purposes.
i hate bloated spending.	didnt want to read and run..
it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little "bitch".	but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another.
april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc's operation breadbasket.
and what's happening today is because of what happened, uh, "backward".	quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.
have any of you used a va loan to buy a house, then received a lot of streamline refinancing letters saying you'll save a bunch by refinancing?	if you have used the va loan, and then refinanced using the streamline program, i'd be thrilled to hear about it!
it used to just say 2:30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else's initials.	the justice system is a farce and we all know it.
i've said what i've said, and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you..	i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.
no country is perfect, but this country is far and away better than any other on earth.	our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?
it is when the temperature moves up to 2c above the pre-industrial level, expected in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effects start to come thick and fast, studies suggest.	but when the temperature moves up to the 3c level, expected in the early part of the second half of the century, these effects will become critical.
it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts.	i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance, before i do something silly.
the only questions remaning are "when" and "how bad".	of course not but the question is fast becoming not will israel strike but when and how.
you can jump to the moon.	you can read about the case below.
does this concern you?	does this sound like the sensible option.
"i support your religious freedom to coerce your unwilling members to do things they don't want to do."	as cruel as it sound, i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone.
this is precsisely, is it not?,	this is not rocket science.
agreed- no need to flog this deceased equine.	no need to tell them at all.
this isn't just an american problem, this is the worlds problem.	to say that it's all america's fault is not correct.
does anyone else find this to be a little much to believe?	anyone else feel like this?
but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward.	i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.
with marshall - 8 weeks (but my first was a preemie and she wanted to see me earlier than normal) my current pregnancircumstances was our 1st appt.	i got a us with marshall at 9-10 weeks for dating purposes and if i would of been more certain on this pregnancy, we wouldn't of had one.
it's a pretty far-fetched argument, just like those that argue that god or satan made me do it.	it is a pretty sad statement of the times, imo, that things have gotten so bad.
thanks again, for proving my other point while you're struggling to argue with me and insult me.	thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality.
you don't get someone to feel better by telling them that they feel better, you get them to feel better by helping them figure out what's wrong.	i'm sure your children are worried about you and i'm sure they'd appreciate you telling them how you're feeling, rather than them fretting because they're seeing their mum upset.
don't people ever learn?	we don't have a college record?
so, i guess that's it.	seriously, it's true.
i swear you protestants think everyone in some type of leadership role is the antichrist.	i think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives..
and what has jesse jackson contributed to american life?	i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread.
also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one.	i said fine can she give me their number and she said she would put me on hold.
he married you, chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally.	they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost.
they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash.	they are killing themselves as a politcal force.
amd loose both of us.	and of course the poppy propaganda.
if people need help, just assume charity and local gov'ts aren't enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it, what's the difference?	if millions have a disastrous medical issue, like cancer, or hundreds or thousands have a natural disaster issue, what's the difference?
killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us.	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.
the more it looks like zimmerman acted in self defense, the less you will hear of this case.	the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us.
i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now.	i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.
chances are it will move more to the middle over time.	boycott as you deem fit, but calling for the death of the ceo is over the top.
but when they are of a moral or religious nature it's not government's business.	for them, the morality or lack of it was not the question.
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas?	that's how i would feel supported.
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums, college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks.	they would retain all of their chinese, korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures.
they live in england and should speek english!	what does keeping england english even mean?
she then said she could not give me their number.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
i see, we've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless?	i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery.
any advice would be more than welcome.	i would suggest that a few more than "nobody" cared.
however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus...	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
does this sound like the sensible option.	so what does this have to do with newt?
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.
they offered up private solutions, good ones, ones that don't increase taxes on anyone.	neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.
there are far more important political and economical reasons for military intervention or political sanctions.	the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse.
unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists.	the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.
quartermass has not given opinion in that last post, namvet.	this was a long and ongoing struggle that lasted almost 2 years.
the people has less taken out of their pockets but the government still got its revenue.	we want a flat, fair and wide base and most importantly, for the government to live within it's means.
tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have.	they keep talking about the huge deficit in the obama admin.
however, by that same rationale, it is unfair to criticize the movement itself for a few of the trouble-makers.	where it goes wrong in practice is when they create a central government to control the communes.
we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to	as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.
it's obvious that you love your daughter and want what's best.	no it's just that people like you can't be honest.
for the larger issue, if you are going to take that route, then is islam an inherently evil/violent religion?	are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion?
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare?	dodge, change the subject, project what they have been instructed to believe etc...
she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.	don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?
they understand that that there are many other factors to be considered (i.e.	and all to few understand, therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide.
if they have made peace with their pay, then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well.	the debate is whether or not a new mosque should be built at that very location.
some who went to war didn't want to go, but felt they could not disobey.	some refused to go because they didn't want to be killed.
and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 years from now.	do the math, and we dont have to worry about these fuckkers fubaring the future of our kids.
early in our friendship she confessed her marriage was in trouble...i	using your definition - there was no housing bubble.
it would take decades for iran to develop enough arms to really threaten israel and they never will anyways.	it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways...and
because they're not shameful liberal media race-baiters.	because he isn't a leader, he is a perpetual campaigner and chief.
think it's going to stay that way with less police?	is there any way that can be avoided?
the government didn't have any thing to do with it.	either government has to honor religioius doctrine or it doesn't - pick one.
bill clinton got a blowjob in the oval office.	that was also about a blow job, of course.
it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.
we seem to have lost sight of the meaning of the whole thing...is	he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.
lots of luck, she will get through this phase!	also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..
i'd love to tear apart his lies, but i don't know how good i'd be on a radio show.	thanks for thinking of me, but i don't have the desire to appear on his show.
reality, of course, disagrees.	totally free of course.
to suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors, which could only mean that blacks are inferior.	to suggest that social and economic gaps are internal to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior.
i agree with you about 'shouting about being different', what do you count as proclaiming difference?	i agree with you, quantum windbag, and so do most legal commentators i have read.
the international development secretary, hilary benn, the former health secretary alan milburn, and the leader of the commons, jack straw, are all at 25/1.	the foreign secretary, margaret beckett, is at 40/1, while the defence secretary, des browne, and the welsh and northern ireland secretary, peter hain are 50/1.
don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.
in fact, watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming.	try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking.
thus the need for health care insurance reform...the	is your health care rationed?
and of course it not ever their fault, as it's now fox news, the righties, blaa blaa blaa.	now of course its everyones fault but their own.
you can claim it's false all you want, but facts are facts.	you spew here what you claim to be facts.
most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.
or like oil companies, who have a cartel.	true oil only comes from quart sized cans.
i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head.	i wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship.
i don't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy.	the idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them.
the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.	in this case it is the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion.
the rich don't need cobra, they can buy their own individual policy at any price...so	the poor don't need cobra to continue being insured, they never were insured by their employers, they have medicaid.
how will conservatives respond to the issues?	but conserv won't address these issues.
ground/home deliver tues thru sat...	they didn't even have a train station...
a recent example is how a federal court rejected a lawsuit based on "national security."	upon his release he sued the us for the above crimes and the case was dismissed for "national security reasons."
my mum married the other man and stayed with him until he died.	my dad met a lovely woman and also remarried.
our justice system is rotten to the core, so what are we going to do about it?	do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago?
this has been so usual for us that i can bring her home and not change her again til 6:30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all.	whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers, her sheet says she was changed at 4:30ish and when i change her again at 6:30 or 7 her diaper is fine.
in actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits.	in their view, there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person.
conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either.	obviously you're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests.
so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly, chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion.	the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine, not the other way around.
but our parents said "oh no, it was an accident".	it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.
yes, there are many variables that affect prices, and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic.	also, there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects.
and besides they do update their platform.	i will do so with my daughter this year...
or does anyone know any way i could help it?	has anyone heard about this?
the president's biological father was kenyan, and obama barely knew him.	the justice system is a farce and we all know it.
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.	just how good a basis is revenge for sentencing?
i really dont know what to do...	i don't really know what is up but i'm super mad about it.
the bush administration put them back in.	they didn't get it, but they asked for it.
until two days ago, i didn't know they actually made guns for kids (and i'm not talking about toy guns).	source thomas do you have data on how the insurance industry is preparing for or speaking about gw?
actually, it's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line.	of course, people who work with sick animals know that when the mean ones stop being mean, death is peeking around the corner.
i know they are not saving and i just cant understand!	things are so big and strange.
we should start a sequence of these threads ;-).	we should have monuments for him.
why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?	but they never mentioned the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin.
utter fucking nonsense.	that doesn't make any sense.
best wishes, yes he had an affair.	reality is, i was there before and returned again.
skip, that's also very true.	here's a list of articles for you to peruse.
i dont understand where my parents money goes!	i wouldn't budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though!
he just doesnt get it.	he still hasn't to this day.
the federal government's own unemployment figures and the current condition of the housing and other consumer markets belie any published numbers handed out by the left, the white house or cbo.	blasted bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in their dual oil-spill response and made a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation.
in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran.	in addition to these three, roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals, and 53 judges to the united states district courts.
there is so much wrong and you don't seem to understand what's wrong.	do you even understand what wry was conveying?
it helps that the media hasn't given him the same anal-probing the gop field has gotten.	the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me.
not really, most of the lost sdp votes went to the greens.	there seems no hope in these areas.
the nature was so amazing...	ah, so many amazing memories...
networks without assistance.	nor will they be the last.
it's really good, and quite innovative in places.	they controlled spain for quite awhile back then.
anyway, i brought this up to the manager and she talked to mrs. i. this was about 1 month ago.	then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day.
this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cites data finding that students who participate in the voucher program did not perform better than their public school peers.	so at least based on the available data, it appears that voucher programs are neither improving the performance of program participants nor improving the quality of the public school systems.
nor have i seen any proof that those who are associated with the so-called ground zero mosque were in anyway associated with the murderers of 9/11.	i do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9/11.
was it as gruelling for them as i'm imagining?	as to what happened to their missing kid.
i went to see another male friend last night who i know has a thing for me, and he started hitting on me and i let him have sex with me, until i realised i couldn't do it and stopped and made him take me home.	but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun, and what they did etc. i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that. he told me all nude and i just broke down crying.
you've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week.	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.
waiting in an outer hall, i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone.	as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.
who in the media's been going "half-cocked" and how did they do it?	why has no one come forward to admit the truth?
thai thaksin supporters plan largest rally since april riots june 27 (bloomberg) -- thai anti-government protesters who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizers say will be the largest rally since the army quelled riots by the group in april.	thaksin "red shirts" gather again in bangkok bangkok, april 25 (reuters) - about 3,000 supporters of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in bangkok on saturday for their first rally in the capital since violent street clashes two weeks ago.
when you open your dish cabinet, and there is only mugs.	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.
why hasn't the us government done that (if the affair is fake, taht is..)	i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.
the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama.	they found the bomb before they found the woman.
the separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas.	the leaders of the world need to get together and begin constructing a massive plan to stop global warming.
rupert murdoch inherited his father's ownership of two newspapers in the u.k. (australia).	murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire.
edgar, you may be right - at least in part.	the problem is, you are going after people just like you.
wednesday’s decision is likely to please turkey, which has warned that the bill, if enacted, would seriously affect turkish-french ties.	the french legislation has enraged turkey, which has threatened sanctions if french president nicolas sarkozy signs the bill.
suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness.	i can hear the desperation in your words.
is your health care rationed?	is there any property involved?
we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.	when we were young, before my husband got an easier job, he did manual labor.
that darn liberal media never goes after liberals!!!	that is what liberty is about, after all.
allowing them to set up camp, much like they did in afghanistan to launch attacks accross the world?	we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished?
the obama administration?	the resolution was opposed by the obama administration.
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory	Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest	Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert	Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'
North Korea shuns offer of talks	North Korea shoots 2 rockets
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'	Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize	Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	Explosion near Damascus military airport
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy	Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble	Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest	Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time	Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'	Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day	Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch on Monday
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM	Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul
Philippines holds second senator over corruption	Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum	Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern India
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels	Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Matt Smith quits BBC‚Äôs Doctor Who	Matt Smith quits BBC's Doctor Who
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments	Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter	China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public	US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13	Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps	Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case	Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
Declines in US stock market moderate	Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10	World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China	2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly	NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy	Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found	Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks	Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award	Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million	Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing	Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area	Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
EU extends sanctions against Russia	Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment	House set to vote on plan to reopen government
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room	Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
Iranian president makes debut on world stage	Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests	Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests
State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible	US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat	Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation	Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
World's oldest man dies at 116	World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	Bangladesh factory owners arrested
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	China sends carrier to South China Sea
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border	Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'	Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister	Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo	Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal	Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake	At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
News is my Business	A New iPad Is Coming
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory	Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win	FORMULA 1: Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	Earthquake death toll rises to 260
David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
China sacks top economic official	China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	China no longer top investment destination: poll
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town	UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	Police fire tear gas at protesters
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting	Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast	Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack	Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ	Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical	Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'	Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win	Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement	Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Queen visits London soldier attack scene	Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured	Police confirm how suspect was captured
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels	Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion	Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine	Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
Queen to name biggest ever carrier	Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	Bangladesh prison van ambushed
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
Southwest jet hit nose first	Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
US government shutdown begins - live updates	Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan	Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
China launches probe and rover to moon	China launches first moon rover mission
All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...	EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet	Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
Protesters clash with police in Caracas	Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	South Korea ferry captain arrested
Chinese president meets Indian vice president	Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say	Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday	China sends aid team to Philippines
France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'	Manila to increase counter-terror team
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'	France loses influence in Europe
James Gandolfini dies aged 51	Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'	Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Five killed by bomb blast in East India
The new Cold War	A new Cold War?
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late	Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident	Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Israeli teens missing in West Bank	Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
President mourns death of Mandela	World mourns passing of Mandela
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed	Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
Israel expands subsidies to settlements	Israel widens settlement subsidies
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday	Singapore shares open lower on Monday
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits	Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5	Hunting for clues in Boston bombing
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked	Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire	Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan	Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN	Many killed in Syrian air strike
Libya asks UN Security Council for help	Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown	Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
Canada train plot suspects reject charges	Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state	Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2	BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Colombia strike three times	Colombia too slick for Greece
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead	Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria	Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott	No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Syrian war seen dragging on for years	Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean	Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign	Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
Margaret Thatcher, former U.K. PM, dead at 87	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school	Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt	Military holds upper hand in Egypt
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	Five dead in Canada train crash
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack	Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party	U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	China manufacturing expands in September
France to ban child beauty pageants	Facebook to test mobile payments service
Today in History, Dec. 2	Today in History, April 23
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James	Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse	Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea	Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field	Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition	Nelson Mandela's condition improves
One dead in US building collapse	Six killed in US building collapse
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes	Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls	US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia	6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims	Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks	CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	Prince George christened in London
Monty Python to reunite for new show	Monty Python to reunite on stage
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say	The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution	Egypt holding key vote on constitution
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids	Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election	Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
Hong Kong stocks end higher	Indian stocks open higher
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire	Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir	Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia	Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq	Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar	Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide	Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts	Five dead in Indonesian eruption
At least 11 killed in India building collapse	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Egypt's presidential election begins	Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit	Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
Italian parliament backs new PM	Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan	Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'	Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines	Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	Thai bonds best in region
China to investigate EU wine exports	Christie investigation heats up
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Asian markets mixed on China trade data	Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116	Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
Foreign exchange rates in India	Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Global progress seen in ending death penalty	Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban	Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'	UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying	Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan	Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January	German factory orders rebound in January
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack	Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	Egyptian death toll rises to 638
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.	Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit	Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates	U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison	Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria	US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China	Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153	U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official	Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74	Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine	Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia	Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
India accuses China of crossing de facto border	Senate, House on collision course on border money
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital	US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election	Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release	Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police	Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue	US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army	Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle	NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil	Merkel to attend World Cup final
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine	Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel	Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan	NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Mandela remains in hospital	Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial	Sewol ferry crew faces trial
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	China expands search area for missing plane
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard	Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru	Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons	Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises	Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India	Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
Prince's christening a blend of old and new	When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	Google redesigns search results on PCs
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine	EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital	Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	North and South Korea break their silence with talks
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president	Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council	Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
Algerian president in France for medical tests	Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues	Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years	Manchester City win English Premier League title
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack	Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks	Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty	UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
Didier Reynders on Syria	Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part	North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
China stocks open higher Monday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled	Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
East Harlem explosion death toll rises	Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!	Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live!
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack	Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand
Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
Workers killed in India building collapse	76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
North Korea fires three short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing	At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan	Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change	Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash	Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
India starts voting in world's largest election	India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday	Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	Search narrowed for missing man
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
At least 12 dead in Washington ...	At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case	Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India	Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan	US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash	At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad	Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas	Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
China sets Bo Xilai trial date	China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan	Muslims pray for end to divisions
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes	Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch	46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid	Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	China ships enter waters off disputed islands
US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks	US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates	Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter	Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit	Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions	Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela	Obama to meet with Mandela family
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence	Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
Israel downs drone from Lebanon	Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks	Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rates to record low
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
Conmen dressed as women steal cash	CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell	Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse	Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car	Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'	Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô	Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief	Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief
Greece suspends state broadcaster	Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape	India‚Äôs march to Mars
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales	Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup	Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe	Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia	Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	World unites for Mandela memorial
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	Indonesians vote for president in tight race
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
Amazon launches new device for streaming video	Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister	Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
Obama nominates new transportation secretary	Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction	US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy	Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel	Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex	S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa	Telstra applies to list China site in NY
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation	Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport	Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach	Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
US makes case for action against Syria	Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
Ankara protesters clash with police	Peru protesters clash with police
DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea	North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Iran, sextet to resume expert talks	Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography	Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation	Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"
Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127	Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis	Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit
Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels	Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Indian stocks close lower	Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Indian rape accused face verdicts	Indian rape accused found guilty
Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate	Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Blast on Indian train kills one	State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence
Queen visits Britain's new prince	Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests	Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident	N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry	Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
Fallen US firefighters brought home	Wall Street ends slightly lower
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
UK vote rejects military action	Britain rejects Syria military action
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
Venezuelan president to visit China	Senegalese president to visit China
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands	Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war	Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down	Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals	Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16	Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire	Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise	Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian	School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Stones add second Hyde Park concert	Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013
5 nations meet on haze	Putin's marriage at an end
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi	Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza	U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital	Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Foreign companies eye new 'opening-up'	More carriers likely in China
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise	Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK	'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif	Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release	US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi's supporters reject plan	Morsi supporters march in Egypt
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens	Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse	Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China	Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy	Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit	Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours	Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5	S Korea bus station fire kills seven
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ	Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast	Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%	Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Shankill blast victims to be remembered	Crocodile victim's body recovered
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	Ten killed in new blast in Russia
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada	'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry	Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621	Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc	Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks	Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey	Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE	HSE boss defends medical-card plan
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China	Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine	Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank	Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Hong Kong set for democracy march	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad	Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims	GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine	Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
Georgians vote for new president	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ	On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
Obama to meet with China‚Äôs Xi in California June 7-8	Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital	Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash	Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home	46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
California governor declares drought emergency	California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official	3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	11 children killed in Syria bombings
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse	Two are trapped as US building collapses
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria	Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks	Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia	China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment	Japan mayor apologizes to U.S., denies wrong words on "comfort women"
4 killed, 6 injured in attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons	U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage	Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation	Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September	Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants	Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business	Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan	Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana	DC votes to decriminalize pot
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	Mandela spends third day in hospital
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital
Stocks rise in early trading	Stocks inch higher in early trading
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping	Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court	Boston bombing suspect buried
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria	Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Toll from India building collapse hits 25
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Five charged with terrorism offences	Five People Charged With Terror Offences
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016	US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again	Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict	Iran says Israel lying about rockets
Quotations in the News	Quotations of the day
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'	US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'	Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
Thai government says elections Feb. 2	Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria	France urges EU to be united on Syria
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest	Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US	China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Man held after teen shot in Belfast	Man, 40, arrested after shooting
Police stop Maldives presidential election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim	Colorado governor visits school shooting victim
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors	Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
Turkey president appeals for calm	Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens	Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'	Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election	Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash	Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash
Two French journalists killed in Mali	France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama	US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge
Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests	Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce	Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence	China's online population rises to 618 mln
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs	Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal	'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
5 killed in S China road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
South Africa president: Mandela is improving	Afghan president delays signing US deal
World News Update, what you need to know	Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
Syrian civil war in photos	Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan	US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll	Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
Imran blames rival for colleague murder	Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism	Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed	Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters	Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq	Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM	Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague	Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
7 killed in attacks in Iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc	Europe floods continue to create havoc
US military presence in East Asia	NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30	Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash	At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership	Chinese president meets Indian vice president
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic	Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
India, US to hold talks on China next week	Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal	Luxembourg votes after spying row
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum	Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics	7 Things to Know About Ethanol
China stocks open lower on Wednesday	China's stocks close lower on Monday
US delays missile test as tensions rise	William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
Fire in Beijing kills 10	Fire in Beijing kills ten
World's oldest man dies at 116	Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident	One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident
Pakistanis vote in landmark election	Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats	Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled	Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan	Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach	Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties	China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Stolen skulls found in home museum
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal	At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany	World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana
Tokyo to host 2020 Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty	09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence	France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea	China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120	Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2	Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
Pakistan's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder	Pakistan's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
A society fraying at the edges	Old TV alignments crack at the edges
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference	UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Italy bus crash death toll rises	Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies	Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections	Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel	British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues	Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village	Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines	Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal	Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval	Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	Two dogs play with purple football.
a bird lands in the water.	a boat floats in the water.
Three children stand on or near a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	Two grey dogs running in green grass.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	A dog running through the woods.
The two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
A man crouching and holding a camera.	The crouching man is holding a large camera.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A dog swims through the water.	A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	A dog jumps through a hoop.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	A person is diving into clear blue water.
The two boys play in the field.	The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A group of people standing in the street	A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A dog runs on brown grass.	A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
The two dogs are running through the grass.	Three dogs run in the snow.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.	A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.	A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.	Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
A bird flies across the water.	A bird flies above the water.
A dog is running through a pond	A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.	A man jumps off a rock into the water
A young girl going down a tube slide.	A young girl swinging off a tire swing
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	A group of people ride in a race
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building	Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
Kids playing ball in the park.	Two dogs playing by the shore.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.	A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.	Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
Smiling man with reflective classes.	A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
five people standing on a sidewalk	Five people on a sidewalk.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
The white dog runs across the snow.	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.	Two dogs are playing in the snow.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
A man picking up a big rock.	A woman picking up a large rock.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.	A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
The dog is running through a field.	A dog runs through a field.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.	a white dog runs across the water.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.	A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two large dogs running in some grass.	Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.	A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A young boy jumping into a lake.	The boy is jumping into a lake.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	A woman plays with a brown dog.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.	A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
A man and a woman on a bench.	A man and woman sit on a park bench.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
The man is jumping into the water.	The man is up in the air.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	A person riding a dirt bike.
Two dogs playing by the shore.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A black poodle plays in the snow.	A black poodle frolics in the snow.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs standing in the snow.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.	The white dog runs through the ocean.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer jumping over a fence.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.	A little girl swimming in a pool.
A black dog jumps through the water.	A dog walks through the snow.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	Three children playing on the floor.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A black dog running through water.	A black dog is running through some water.
Children jumping on a trampoline.	A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	A brown dog is running in a field.
A man practicing boxing	A man practices boxing
A dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the snow.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A skier speeds through the snow.	A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.	A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.	A baseball player hitting the ball
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.	Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	A man is sky surfing on the water.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A black dog is running in the grass.	A boy running through green grass.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Two people sit on the end of a dock.	Two people sitting on a dock.
Two dogs in a yard.	Two dogs in a stream.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
A small white dog running across a lawn.	A small white dog running
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.	The big white dog is running in the grass.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	A girl is playing on a swing.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.	A brown dog running through the grass.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	A child holds a yellow balloon.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
A black dog is running in the grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	A child runs through the grass.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A girl in orange lights a candle.	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A dog shaking off water.	A dog shaking water off.
Young boys running along the pavement.	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A young child slides down an orange slide.	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.	A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.	The man is going into the water.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Black and white dog running through water.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
A dog is running toward the camera.	A brown and white dog running on grass.
Three dogs running in the dirt.	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
a boy swinging on a swing.	The girl is on a swing.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water	Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.	A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
two dogs running in the snow	A dog laying in the snow.
A golden dog is running through the snow.	A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A skateboarder on a city street.	A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Four children on stools in a diner.	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field	A boy and a dog running on grass
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two white dogs are running together.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.	Two boys are playing flag football.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	Two dogs are shaking water off.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.	A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.	A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.	A girl dances like a man in costume
A brown dog running through the woods.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
Three people racing on ice skates.	Three ice skaters round a corner.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.	Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
Two men on the side of a barge	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A brown dog in running on grass.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.	A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Two people are walking by the ocean.	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.	Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
Two children splashing in the water.	Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.	Two dogs bound across the grass.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park	A woman and three kids play at a park.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	The boy is playing in the sand.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.	A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.	Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A black dog is running through the snow.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.	A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
A skier is falling into the snow.	A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	A crowd of people at an outdoor event
Two dogs running through a field.	Two dogs play in a field.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	A man and a woman standing on a city street.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.	Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.	A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A man and woman blow bubbles.	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two black dogs in the snow.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
a group of old men walking down the street	A couple walking down the street.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A black and white dog is running through the field.	A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.	A man and a woman resting after exercise.
Two girls walking in the ocean.	two girls walking in the street
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	A man dances on a colorful wall.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
A white dog runs on a beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.	A man is holding onto handles in the air.
four children are playing on a trampoline.	Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A white dog walking in the snow.	A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	Three dogs are running on the grass.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs run in the snow.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two kids playing with a dog.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.	A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Boat sails in rough water.	A man is kayaking in rough waters.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A black dog running into the water.	A black dog running through water.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Brown dog splashing into the water.	Four dogs splashing in the water
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.	A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.	A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
a man and woman walking past a record shop	A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.	A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels	Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.	A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man plays his white guitar.	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
Close-up of a hummingbird.	A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.	Three children playing on the floor.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.	A dog swimming in a pond
A man and a woman looking at the camera.	A man and a woman laughing.
a dog jumps into the water.	A dog is jumping into the water.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A boy riding on a swing.	A young boy riding in a swing.
A black dog running through the snow.	A black dog runs through the water.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
A black dog walking beside a pool.	A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.	A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A golden dog is running on the grass.	The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A dog runs through the grass.	a dog runs across the grass.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Man rowing a boat.	a man doing a trick on skateboard
Three dogs running on a racetrack.	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time	A dog running through a lot of twigs.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Many people run in a race on a street.	A puppy running along a street.
Two dogs in the snow	Two dogs play in the grass.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.	A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs run through the brush.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs run in the snow.
A dog running across the sand	A dog running through the water.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.	The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.	A black man and his dog on the beach.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Two dogs are running in the field.	Two dogs running in a field.
Two people are in bed.	Two boxers are in the ring.
Two dogs on the beach.	A dog walks on the beach.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
A group of people are in the water.	A group of people ride in a race
The dog is running with food in his mouth.	The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
Two dogs running down a beach.	two dogs running on the beach
A black and white dog swimming in the pool	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
A child with his hands on his head.	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A black dog lays in the sand.	Kids play in the water
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.	A pale dog runs down a path.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.	A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.	The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.	A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A man climbing a cliff face.	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	The dogs play in the snow.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.	Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A boy plays baseball.	A man is playing baseball.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	A white dog running over a bridge.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.	A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	A dog is jumping in the snow.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	Two dogs running along dirt path.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.	Two brown dogs running through water.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	a young girl wearing purple running through water
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
A black dog is jumping out of water.	A black dog is shaking off water.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A black dog is running through the snow.	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.	A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A young boy is riding a bike.	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A black dog running in the snow.	A black dog running on a beach.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A man climbing a rock-face.	A man is climbing a rock wall.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	a young child running along the shore at a beach
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.	A woman is playing volley ball.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.	A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A dog standing in the water.	A girl playing on a parachute.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	a group of surfers catching a wave
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Black and white dog running through water.	A tan and white dog runs through water.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.	Three women in brightly colored dresses.
a black dog swimming through a river.	a black dog digging through the snow.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.	two tan dogs play in the grass
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	Two dogs are running through a green yard
A man and a woman are smiling.	A man and a woman laughing.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A dog is running along the grass.	A brown dog is running in the grass.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A dog and a red ball in the air.	A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.	A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
Brown dog running on grass.	The dog is running on grass.
A dog jogs through the grass.	a dog trots through the grass.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.	Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.	A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Child sliding in the snow.	Man sleeping on the street.
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
A white dog running on sand.	A white dog runs on the sand.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.	A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
A dog swims in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	A tan dog is walking through snow.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	A man walks two dogs in the city.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
A dog is running in the snow.	Two dogs running in the dirt
A small boy playing in the snow.	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
A dog and cat laying down together.	Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
a white dog running in the snow	The dogs are running in the snow.
a dog runs through the long grass.	A dog lays down in the long green grass.
The black dog is running through the snow.	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A group of people sitting around a desk.	A group of girls on a beach.
Three dogs are running in a field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
A white dog running through the snow	The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A dog running on the grass	Two dogs are running on the grass.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A skier going down the snowy hill.	A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs running in the dirt
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.	Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Many football players sitting on the ground.	A dog rolls on the ground.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.	A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.	a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.	Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A bird sits in a tree.	A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A dog in the snow.	Two dogs in snow.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
Dalmation running along the beach.	A Dalmation runs along a beach.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.	A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A dog running through snow.	A dog runs in the snow.
Four black dogs run across the grass.	A dog runs across the grassy field.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.	A dog chases another by a tree.
A girl is jumping.	A boy is rock climbing.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Three children playing in snow.	Three children playing in hay
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.	Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
This dog is jumping through the water.	Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman kiss.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A dog is standing in the sand.	A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Two kids splashing in the water.	Two dogs play together on the bed.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A woman reads while on public transportation.	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road	A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.	a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	A person above their surfboard on the water.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.	Three dogs race in the snow together.
Two females jump off of swings.	Two girls jump out of swings.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
Two dogs running on the shore.	A white dog running on the beach.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	A shirtless man catches a football
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down	A girl poses with her head upside down.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.	Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	A man jumps while on a snowboard.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs playing in grass.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.	A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.	A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	A black dog digs in the snow.
A dog jumps over a chain.	A dog leaping over a chain.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
A black and a yellow dog	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
Three children in a ball pit.	Several children playing in a ball pit.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A brown dog is running through green grass.	A brown dog is running though a river.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.	A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
A black dog walking through water.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A black dog is running in snow.	A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A woman is sitting in the water.	The woman is skating in the park.
A brown dog wades in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A hockey player looks intently downward.	A hockey player during a game.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
A person on a snowmobile.	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.	Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Two brown dogs running together on sand	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	A black poodle is running in the snow.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A dog digging in the sand.	A brown dog digs in the sand.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A person on a bmx bike.	A man on a bike in mid-air
Two dogs running through tall grass.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A group of people standing outside of a building.	A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.	Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.	A black and white dog playing in the sand.
A boy waves around a sparkler.	A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.	Two dogs play in the grass.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
A woman holding a newspaper.	A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A group of men playing brass instruments.	A group of guys play instruments outside.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.	A snowboarder flies through the air.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Kids play soccer on a field.	Three boys playing soccer in a field
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.	A group of men play a college football game.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.	A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.	Two dogs playing in a yard.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.	A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.	A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.	The brown and white dogs run through the field.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.	Two poodles are running through the snow.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.	A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.	A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
Dog is jumping down a ramp.	A girls is jumping in the sand.
The dog plays in the park.	The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	A little girl on a kid swing.
Two birds interacting in the grass	Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Four dogs stand in the snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A man running on a track.	a man running track
Two children in a field of red flowers.	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A small black dog is in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
Children play fight with swords.	A child and parent pet a horse.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.	A dog is running through the ocean.
A man is skating down a set of stairs.	The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track	Cars racing on a dirt track
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.	Two men walking past a mural of a car.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee	A brown dog squating on grass.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.	A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	Three dogs run through a field.
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two puppies play in the grass
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the grass.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Three dogs running through water.	A black dog running through water.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall	A woman is walking with a red bag.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.	A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
The dogs are playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing on the shore.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.	A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A brown dog sits on the beach.	A dog running on the beach
Scuba diver submerged in water.	The scuba diver is underwater.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.	A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A dog in in a car.	A dog is biting a mop.
Child holding an object that is on fire.	A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall	Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A child and two dogs play in the water.	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.	People ride up an escalator.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.	The brown dog is running across the sand.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.	A dog jumps off the stairs.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A man blowing a large bubble.	A man walking a large black horse.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
A dog running along the beach.	Boy and girl running along the beach.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A black dog is running in the grass.	A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	A woman is riding her bicycle.
Three dogs play in a grassy field.	Some kids play in a field.
A small white dog climbs over a log.	a small dog steps onto a log.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
A surfer on a wave.	A surfer is riding a wave.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.	Two dogs play in the snow.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Two men in a running contest.	Dogs in a race.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
A black and white dog runs through the water.	Black and brown dog runs through field.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.	Two children walking down a path in the woods.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A woman runs on the beach.	a dog runs across the land.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	Two dogs running on grass.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.	A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.	A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
Two people are walking through some water.	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A girl is running on a desert path.	A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A dog splashing in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The dog is in the air above the grass.	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A black dog is running through some water.	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A young girl running on the beach.	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
A baseball player throws the ball.	The basketball player holds the ball.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer is jumping over a fence.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
